Added consider piles. (#129)
angrybacon/doomsday-wiki: markdown/chapters/meandeck/basics.md

help you against opponents who are either trying to slow roll their permission
spells or who are holding something like {{Stifle}} up.

## Consider Piles

> {U} + Consider

<row variant="pile">{{!Deep Analysis}} {{!LED}} {{!SW}} {{!LP}} {{!TO}}</row>

If you are low on resources you can utilise the above pile using {{Consider}} in
conjunction with {{Deep Analysis}}. Consider allows you to put Deep Analysis
into your graveyard and draw the Lion's Eye Diamond. You can then cast the Deep
Analysis with Flashback using the Diamond mana. This allows you to then draw

> into additional mana and the Oracle using the final mana from the Diamond plus
> the petal to cast Oracle. You can replace Petal with Cavern of Souls if you have
> a land drop available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into additional mana and the Oracle. You can replace Petal with Cavern of Souls
if you have a land drop available.
```

> You can also use this with a cycling effect in hand simply replacing the cycler
> in the previous example with a Consider at the start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, you can replace the Consider in hand with a cycling effect.
```

> {U} + Cycler

> <row variant="pile">{{!Consider}} {{!Deep Analysis}} {{!LED}} {{!LP}} {{!TO}}</row>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<row variant="pile">{{!Consider}} {{!DA}} {{!LED}} {{!LP}} {{!TO}}</row>
```

help you against opponents who are either trying to slow roll their permission
spells or who are holding something like {{Stifle}} up.

## Consider Piles

> {U} + Consider

> <row variant="pile">{{!Deep Analysis}} {{!LED}} {{!SW}} {{!LP}} {{!TO}}</row>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<row variant="pile">{{!DA}} {{!LED}} {{!SW}} {{!LP}} {{!TO}}</row>
```
